Update EIP Competing Consumers page (#734)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-endpoints/competing-consumers.md

| Messages                           | Simple Stock Quote Requests with Load-Balance Endpoint |
| Consumer/Receiver                  | Simple Stock Quote Server Instances                    |

> 

Reviewer: Let's remove Figure1, Figure 2 here.

4. Extract the downloaded zip file.

5. Open a terminal, and navigate to the `axis2Server/bin/` directory inside the extracted folder.

6. Execute the following command to start the axis2server with the SimpleStockQuote backend service:

    === "On MacOS/Linux/CentOS"   
          ```bash
          sh axis2server.sh
          ```
    === "On Windows"                
          ```bash
          axis2server.bat
          ```

7. Navigate to the `MI_HOME/bin/` directory and start the `tcpmon` application. 

8. In `tcpmon` application, navigate to **Admin** tab. Add listeners to ports `9001` and `9002`. For each listener set the **target hostname** to `localhost` and **target port** to `9000` in each instance.

9. Download the artifacts of the sample.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/attachments/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/competing-consumers.zip">
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/download-zip.png" width="200" alt="Download ZIP">
    </a>

10. Import the artifacts to WSO2 MI.

    Click **File** -> **Open Folder** -> Select the extracted ZIP file to import the downloaded ZIP file.

11. Start the project in the WSO2 MI server.

>     For instructions, go to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For instructions, refer to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run).
```

12. Start SoapUI.

>     For instructions on downloading and starting, go to [SoapUI Getting Started](https://www.soapui.org/getting-started/) Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For instructions on downloading and starting, refer to [SoapUI Getting Started](https://www.soapui.org/getting-started/).
```
